The first time you pull up your project,
there are a couple of things that are already defaulted for you,
one of which you don't want to use,
and that is the deployment configuration that already exists from Spring Boot.
If we go over to our Configuration drop‑down,
you'll see that we have an Edit Configurations option
or a ConferenceApplication option.
The configuration that's already created for us is a Spring Boot instance,
and it uses tc Server, which is a modified Tomcat instance.
I'm going to be honest with you,
you don't want to use this because it breaks a lot of things.
It's meant to work with some of their tools.
I have found it to be more problematic than just
creating a Tomcat instance here,
so I'm going to actually not use that and add a Tomcat Server,
and we want to create a local instance,
and I already have Tomcat downloaded on my laptop.
If you have not downloaded one,
you need to select one or configure one from this dialog.
And so you can go through here, hit Configure,
point it to a downloaded instance, choose whichever version you downloaded.
I am using 9.0.30.
I would keep it within the same major release as me
just to guarantee that it works.
They do have some experimental versions,
some alpha versions that are out there that are later than this,
but 9.0 is working fine with all the examples that we have for this course,
and it's what I will continue to use.
Now, before we change anything else,
I want to point out that there is a warning on the bottom of our page
already saying that no artifacts are marked for deployment.
You can click that Fix link or you can go up to the Deployment tab and click
the plus button and say that we want to do an artifact.
We have two options inside of here,
we have the conference:war and the conference:war exploded.
I'm going to just choose conference:war.
And the application context that it is at the bottom of this is
the URL to our application for development.
So if you don't want it to say conference_war, you need to change this now.
You can back it off to just /conference.
I'm going to go ahead and do that and click Apply and then OK,
and now our configuration is ready to launch.
So if I go ahead and click on that and hit the Play button,
it will take it a second to load the first time,
but you'll see our application deploys, fires up Spring,
and then it will bring up our browser for us.
Our app's default configuration is to pull up the index or greeting page,
and so here we are at the root of our application,
and if we click Add Registration,
it's going to pull up the registration page and we can put in
whatever we want and hit Add Registration,
and it just cycles back to this page.
It's not storing anything, there's nothing else happening,
and if we back up to the Add User, the same thing happens here as well.
It's going to pull down some default information because we're
not pulling anything from that database yet.
So, let's go ahead and start implementing that now.
To point out some key files though before we dive right into the code,
first of all, this application was all configured using Java configuration,
so it's launched through the @SpringBootApplication annotation and a
main method inside of our ConferenceApplication class.
The AppConfig is all set up inside of here and uses this
ConferenceConfig file to wire together our application.
This is where we're going to be making almost all of the changes inside
of our application for adding in Hibernate and JPA.
It's all annotation‑driven.
If we open up any of our controllers, you'll see that we have the @Controller,
we have our model stuff wired up the same way,
there's all of our registration and user inside of here,
and we're going to add and flesh out the details of our service tier
and our repository tier doing this same fashion.
So we'll implement on top of these two model classes we
have here and tie into this controller.
And, one last thing to mention is the application.properties.
This is where we will go through and wire in our database
configuration to go ahead and connect to that database.
So, really, those key files there,
that's what the bulk of our configuration for our Spring MVC app connecting to a database will take place.